Troubleshooting guide for diagnosing unassigned shards (#86996)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/troubleshooting/data/diagnose-unassigned-shards.asciidoc

[[diagnose-unassigned-shards]]
== Diagnose unassigned shards

There are multiple reasons why shards might get unassigned, ranging from misconfigured
allocation settings to lack of disk space.

> In order to diagnose the unassigned shards in your deployment follow the next steps:

Reviewer: This sounds a little oddly worded, what do you think of this wording?

```suggestion
In order to diagnose the unassigned shards in your deployment use the following steps:
```
